so in order to lead honorably you've got to have that that that word of
integrity is as cliche as it sounds we hear it coming to boot camp
all throughout your career you have to have that integrity but it's
true and that's why it's brought up because if you can have that self
integrity to to make sure that you're doing what needs to be done
regardless of the situation regardless who's around then internally
that's going to reflect on the people you're gonna lead and they're
gonna want Amir that and model your behavior as well as the folks that
are your leadership are going to notice that you have that integrity
and that it's kind of being reflected within the folks that you're
leading which in turn they're gonna be able to trust you with more
responsibilities and probably give you a lot more flexibility as
well because I understand that this isn't this individual has a lot
of integrity folks there leading have a lot of integrity we can trust
that person as well as that department or division that they're leading
to get this job done without a lot of micro management or oversight
so again as cliche as it sounds you know it I think integrity
is probably that most important aspect